who you to join a mountain 2005 here
with the review of this large
monstrosity sh figuarts power dizer it's
dizer mode yeah it's the big robot for
zay that got used until meteor showed up
and then showed up like twice more after
that oh and there's for say in the power
dies there on the box we see the four is
a logo yes my finger and then power dies
I die is a moto bandai collector shop
logo because of course he's an exclusive
look how huge e is so the box it
just has his name on the sides there's
nothing special turning it around you
can see it does football poses that's
cool because it soon rise it tanked and
then it's standing there so let's get it
out of the box this is a huge box so
ironically enough they made plastic this
big so all that comes with is itself
there's put that back in there there's
plastic around these like exhaust tubes
there alright so here it is yeah it's
huge now for comparison here's fours a
now as we can see four days head comes
right up to its crotch it's kind of like
11 year old Bend coming up to the crotch
of my classics figures for my Turtles
all right we'll bring stupid ass back in
here in a minute but let's take a look
at the robot alright so here we can see
power dizer head the arms right the
wheels which they don't turn up here
these do not um these do turn the body
of the robot the legs the feet right
here which these also turn and will
tilt back and forth like such the bottom
of its feet wheel feet on the back right
these pieces move on the elbow dummy
that's pretty much it for its parts
articulation wise its head can move a
little right like I can look to the side
kind of fat that the arms it moves at
the elbow here and we can move it at the
shoulder and it also moves outward
that's cool the chest kind of the body
kind of moves a little legs right our
legs can move normal knee is a kind of
knee here and it clacks that's always
fun clacking knee and then the feet can
come up and tilt at an ankle like we
showed before right so it does that
there's not i don't know what else to
say about the robot i mean it looks cool
it's just expensive as all hell because
it's huge it's the damn powered either
let's see if we can get it in all of
these poses here so we can we can like
put this arm behind its back let me bend
it at the knee here and you think I
would know how to do the football pose
but I don't so we're going to guess like
you can stretch this arm out this move
the leg right the leg has to be up like
he's going down in a football stance to
do football things because he's a
quarterback and quarterbacks totally
don't use this post but he does because
he's power dizer this isn't working oh
wait another problem it has to be
like this there we go right you have to
head this one on the actual knee this
one has to be up there you go right and
then he's like then he's like I will
tackle you Dodie arts because I'm a
quarterback and if we do that somewhere
I'm not sure where but apparently the
quarterback will tackle you I mean I
guess if he's throwing the ball already
I he good or if he has lost the ball in
some way like fumbled it I don't know
that's usually not how quarterbacks play
the game but apparently in fours a they
do being the quarterback qualifies you
to tackle people and then see now for as
they can look him in the eye and be like
what up soon I see you in there bro
we're friends I mean we weren't five
minutes ago but because friendship we
are now that's kind of how it was in the
show and then if we stand them up right
stand it back up he kicks for day over
just goes get on the floor bitch and
you're like okay we can do epic fist
bump fist bump they're like dude bro
fist right and they're like we are
friends forever because we are and you
want to be a football player but not
really you just want to bang the trailer
chick and that's fine we all want to
bang the together to chick at some point
in their lives but you know you just get
over that and you realize the chicks a
skank really and she makes that teeth
noise and goes whoops in really
inappropriate times we've pretty much
lost all focus in this review haven't we
and that's okay not really the kitchen
get assholes going move the rupee mmm
but yeah let's see let's put them back
in that stupid football post that
doesn't make
to me before anyone says anything I
actually do know about football we do
that here uh and somewhat well so yeah
so yeah power dizer he's eating the cool
right thing to have if you like fours a
for those people that do he is going to
be expensive he's an exclusive and he's
huge but I mean it can't he's worth it
he's to some degree it's a really good
figure it's really detailed and actually
came out much better than you would
expect being so big but you know it's
whatever you just you know powered eyes
are ended up trying to be relevant until
the secondary rider comes in it steals
your thunder and helping for they kill
bad guys but whatever you know these
things happen so until next time check
out the podcast or instant fan bring
your legs two canoes the cradles a
possible and as always thumbs up comment
and subscribe oh I hate before say mmm
those are comment subscribe i'll see you
guys next time bye